Add a field in actionset status to figure out currently running phase (#1798)
kanisterio/kanister: docs/tutorial.rst

  # check the controller log
  $ kubectl --namespace kanister get pod -l app=kanister-operator

> ActionSet's status can also be used to figure out the currently running phase
> of that ActionSet. In the cases the action that an ActionSet is
> performing has several phases, the ActionSet's ``Status.Progress.RunningPhase``
> can be used to figure out the phase that is being run currently. Once the
> ActionSet has completed the value of ``Status.Progress.RunningPhase`` would be
> set to ``""``.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ActionSet's status can also be used to figure out the currently running phase
of that ActionSet. In cases where the action that an ActionSet performs has several
phases, the ActionSet's Status.Progress.RunningPhase can be used to determine
the current phase being run. Once the ActionSet has completed the value
of ``Status.Progress.RunningPhase`` would be set to ``""``.

```
